docs: announce gen ai javascript (#1372)
microsoft/Web-Dev-For-Beginners: README.md

Visit [**Student Hub page**](https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/student-hub/?WT.mc_id=academic-77807-sagibbon) where you will find beginner resources, Student packs and even ways to get a free certificate voucher. This is the page you want to bookmark and check from time to time as we switch out content monthly.

> ### 📣 Announcement - _New Curriculum_ on Generative AI for JavaScript was just released

Reviewer: Love this idea @softchris!

> Don't miss our NEW 5-lesson curriculum on generative AI!

Reviewer: I'd keep this really simple since we'll add more chapters. Maybe something like:

Don't miss our new Generative AI course!

> Don't miss our NEW 5-lesson curriculum on generative AI!

Author: ```suggestion
Don't miss our new Generative AI curriculum!
```

> Visit [https://aka.ms/genai-js-course]([https://aka.ms/genai-js-course) to get started!

Author: ```suggestion
Visit [https://aka.ms/genai-js-course](https://aka.ms/genai-js-course) to get started!
```

<div>
  <img src="./images/background.png" width="600px" />
</div>

- Lessons covering everything from basics to RAG.

> - Companion app that lets you interact with historical characters

Reviewer: Interact with historical characters using GenAI and our companion app.

> - Companion app that lets you interact with historical characters

Author: ```suggestion
- Interact with historical characters using GenAI and our companion app.
```

> - Fun and engaging narrative, you'll be time travelling 

Reviewer: Add an ! at the end since it's fun and engaging. :-) 

Fun and engaging narrative, you'll be time travelling!

> - Fun and engaging narrative, you'll be time travelling 

Author: ```suggestion
- Fun and engaging narrative, you'll be time travelling!
```

> - Fun and engaging narrative, you'll be time travelling!

Reviewer: Realized there's a typo here:

travelling --> traveling

> - Fun and engaging narrative, you'll be time travelling!

Author: ```suggestion
- Fun and engaging narrative, you'll be time traveling!
```

<div>
  <img src="./images/character.png" width="600px" />
</div>

> Each lesson includes an assignment to complete, a knowledge check and a challenge to guide you on learning topics like:

Reviewer: Since these are bullets lets capitalize the first word before each bullet:

- Prompting and prompt engineering
- Text and image app generation
- Search apps

- prompting and prompt engineering

> - text and image app generation

Author: ```suggestion
- Text and image app generation
```

> - search apps

Author: ```suggestion
- Search apps
```
